README.md, before:

### Installation:

```sh
~/dev/hs-cli $ rake gem && cd pkg
~/dev/hs-cli/pkg $ gem install hs
```

### Request code review:

```
hs request [-b,--branch] [-m,--message]
```
```sh
~/dev/my-project $ git branch
* master
  new-feature

~/dev/my-project $ hs request -b new-feature -m "I'm looking for a more concise way to do foobar."
Hacker School code review requested for my-project:new-feature. Please remember to push recent changes to Github.

## review request then added to /private
## links to https://github.com/username/my-project/compare/new-feature...master
```

### Review code:

```
hs review gh-username/repo[:branch] [-b,--branch] [folder]
hs submit [-m,--message]
```
```sh
~/dev $ hs review username/my-project:new-feature new-feature-review && cd new-feature-review
## forks username/my-project on GitHub
## clones it locally to new-feature-review
## sets origin correctly
## branches from my-project:new-feature

~/dev/new-feature-review $ git branch
  master
  new-feature
* new-feature-hs-review-1

## review code and make changes

~/dev/new-feature-review $ hs submit -m "I made granular commits with descriptions of each change. Let me know if you have any questions!"
## pushes to GH and issues a pull request
```

### Development:

**Here be dragons.** Right now there's no way to mock API calls to GitHub, so beware that commands issued during development may be side-affecting. To prevent API calls from going to www.hackerschool.com, set `HS_API_URL` in your environment:

```sh
export HS_API_URL="http://localhost:5000"
```

### License:

This code is licensed under the GPL v3: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

Commit message:

Add Introduction to README.md

README.md, after:

### Introduction:

hs-cli is a code review tool for use at Hacker School. You will require the
Hacker School secret API key to ask for code reviews. The tool is provided as
a ruby gem.

### Installation:

```sh
~/dev/hs-cli $ rake gem && cd pkg
~/dev/hs-cli/pkg $ gem install hs
```

### Request code review:

```
hs request [-b,--branch] [-m,--message]
```
```sh
~/dev/my-project $ git branch
* master
  new-feature

~/dev/my-project $ hs request -b new-feature -m "I'm looking for a more concise way to do foobar."
Hacker School code review requested for my-project:new-feature. Please remember to push recent changes to Github.

## review request then added to /private
## links to https://github.com/username/my-project/compare/new-feature...master
```

### Review code:

```
hs review gh-username/repo[:branch] [-b,--branch] [folder]
hs submit [-m,--message]
```
```sh
~/dev $ hs review username/my-project:new-feature new-feature-review && cd new-feature-review
## forks username/my-project on GitHub
## clones it locally to new-feature-review
## sets origin correctly
## branches from my-project:new-feature

~/dev/new-feature-review $ git branch
  master
  new-feature
* new-feature-hs-review-1

## review code and make changes

~/dev/new-feature-review $ hs submit -m "I made granular commits with descriptions of each change. Let me know if you have any questions!"
## pushes to GH and issues a pull request
```

### Development:

**Here be dragons.** Right now there's no way to mock API calls to GitHub, so beware that commands issued during development may be side-affecting. To prevent API calls from going to www.hackerschool.com, set `HS_API_URL` in your environment:

```sh
export HS_API_URL="http://localhost:5000"
```

### License:

This code is licensed under the GPL v3: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
